my name is Arielle and you are here in
my channel because you want to learn how
to cook a Chinese pork fried rice okay
so this is the ingredient 2 cups of
steamed rice 2 eggs medium size one and
a half cup of Chinese black mushroom
there are no slice for pieces of Chinese
style sausage they are glow slice one
stalk of green onion diagonal slice 1
and 1/2 cup of cooking oil 1 tablespoon
of soy sauce 2 TSP of sesame oil and one
tablespoon of chicken bouillon powder
and now we're gonna start to cook our
fried rice put the walk into the range
okay and then I just eat the honey
so when you see the white smoke in the
work put the half of your cooking wine
okay
all right and then cook the sausage
all right
okay and thank you stick it out into the
wall and pull and set it by it okay all
right
okay so add a little bit more of cooking
oil and then
but it's hot again keep the egg and cook
it until it's 80% poop then put the rice
on it and add your I like that
and it's mixing and fill the rice and
the egg mix present
put the seasoning the chicken bouillon
the chicken bouillon powder all right
hmm
at the site
and put your sausage and mushroom to the
alright okay put your sesame oil
make it again right
I love my child
and left another leaf the green onion
our right
and then turn up the heat because the
bride at the suit already oh hey
so the fragrance is cute ready to meet
our product the Chinese pork fried rice
thank you she SHINee
selamat Oh